docs: consolidate cyberattack wiki articles and de-draft supply-chain (#1154)
1712n/dn-institute: content/research/cyberattacks/wiki/frontend-hijacking.md

---
title: Frontend Hijacking & DNS Spoofing
bookToc: true
---

Even when smart contracts are immutable, the web interfaces that users rely on are not. Frontend compromises let attackers weaponize web servers, registrar accounts, injected JavaScript, and package dependencies to trick users into signing approvals that grant token access to attacker-controlled spenders.

## The Mechanism of Frontend Attacks

Most dApps still depend on centralized web infrastructure at the point where users click "connect wallet" or sign a transaction.

- **Compromised scripts and dependencies:** A malicious third-party package or injected script can rewrite wallet prompts, replace spender addresses, or present fake approval flows.
- **Registrar or DNS hijacking:** If an attacker controls a domain or DNS entry, they can redirect users to a pixel-perfect clone that asks for malicious approvals.
- **Approval abuse:** The most common end state is not "send funds directly" but tricking the user into signing an `approve` transaction that grants token access to an attacker-controlled contract.

## Case Studies

### 1. Badger DAO ($120M) - Cloudflare API Key Exploit

> - **Vector:** Public incident reporting describes the Badger DAO compromise as a frontend-injection attack in which an attacker abused access to Badger's Cloudflare-connected web infrastructure to inject malicious JavaScript into the production interface ([rekt.news](https://rekt.news/badger-rekt/), [Chainalysis](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/chainalysis-podcast-episode-6-badgerdao-hack/)).

Reviewer: The compromised credential was a Cloudflare API key, and the attacker injected the script through Cloudflare Workers, switching it on and off during November 2021 to avoid detection before the December 2 drain. Worth naming those specifics here.

```suggestion
- **Vector:** Public incident reporting describes the Badger DAO compromise as a frontend-injection attack in which an attacker used a compromised Cloudflare API key to inject malicious JavaScript through Cloudflare Workers into the production interface, applying and removing the script intermittently through November 2021 to evade detection before funds were drained on [December 2, 2021](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/chainalysis-podcast-episode-6-badgerdao-hack/) ([rekt.news](https://rekt.news/badger-rekt/), [Chainalysis](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/chainalysis-podcast-episode-6-badgerdao-hack/)).
```

- **Impact:** The injected code targeted approvals by replacing the intended spender flow with attacker-controlled approvals, and reported losses were about [$120 million](https://rekt.news/badger-rekt/).
- **Lesson:** Web2 admin credentials can become DeFi key material if they control production frontend assets.

### 2. Curve Finance ($570k) - Registrar Hijacking

> - **Vector:** In August 2022, Curve's `curve.fi` domain was hijacked at the registrar level, redirecting users to a malicious site; this was a registrar hijack, not DNS cache poisoning, as reflected in contemporary reporting from [BleepingComputer](https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/curve-finance-loses-570-000-in-dns-hijacking-attack/) and [CoinDesk](https://www.coindesk.com/business/2022/08/10/curve-finance-front-end-compromised/).

Reviewer: Calling this a registrar hijack and not DNS is shaky, and it clashes with the page title. Curve traced it to its account at iwantmyname being compromised and used to rewrite the DNS records, and most coverage describes it as DNS hijacking. This reframes the text and updates the heading to match.

```suggestion
### 2. Curve Finance ($570k) - DNS / Registrar Hijacking

- **Vector:** In August 2022, attackers compromised Curve's account at its registrar and DNS host ([iwantmyname](https://cointelegraph.com/news/curve-finance-warns-dns-hijacked-again)) and rewrote the `curve.fi` DNS records to redirect users to a malicious clone; this was a DNS hijack at the nameserver/registrar level, not a smart-contract exploit or DNS cache poisoning, as reflected in contemporary reporting from [BleepingComputer](https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/curve-finance-loses-570-000-in-dns-hijacking-attack/) and [CoinDesk](https://www.coindesk.com/business/2022/08/10/curve-finance-front-end-compromised/).
```
